Like the ID of the vehicle is also its price now it is
30000 and suppose if the
damage is more than 20000 then the company will say that we will make the payment only in the total loss, that is, it will make
30 payments,
okay, so now if we
talk about its parts here,
its
bill is approximately 15000, 15000, so in this I
mean how much the customer has to pay,
right now you can see, friends, in front of us, we
are presenting Bajaj's Pulsar 150
and right now the part of it here has
changed in the insurance claim, right now
Imtiaz Bhaiya is with us, who
will explain it in full detail here, is there any
process relief, so first of all tell me that
if we are coming to get an insurance claim, then
what will be its process, what
documents etc. will we have to bring,
if you have come for an insurance claim, then first of all
your documents will be required,
insurance papers are required, registration
papers are required, Aadhar card is required, PAN card is
required and driving license is required,
After all the five papers are done, then the
process will start here, there will be the process of the flame,
first we will see which company it belongs to,
different companies have a slightly different process,
okay, like right now we are here, so here we do that
claim intimation ourselves,
okay, and its online survey is done,
after the survey we tell the customer
that when your repair order will come,
this repair order is sent to the customer's mobile,
only after that message comes, he will find a defect in the car, the
car is then dismantled,
after dismantling it, a
photo is taken again, that photo goes to the server,
after that it is approved, then news of
new parts is sent in it, as you are seeing now, you
can also see it with new parts, once the damaged
part has to be placed in front of you, its
photo has to be taken and sent and lastly the
invoice has to be sent, after sending the invoice
we deliver the vehicle, that means
after receiving it you deliver the vehicle, so
now for example, if you have a bike, if it is a
new bike, if we are taking the first time
insurance claim, then up to how much
We can take the claim for Rs. 10000,
which gets passed easily and there is no problem in it.
See, if your damage is
real, if it is due to an accident, then you will get the
amount of it, so
what is the process for getting it, like if it
goes above Rs. 10000, then the sir
asks for some proper details as to how the accident
happened, where it happened, maybe they ask to see the location, they
also ask for a photo of the location, they
also ask for a photo of the person who was driving the vehicle, suppose if the vehicle is 50%
damaged, then it is possible that the person is also damaged,
for that they can ask for his photo only, so
if we also see after a long time
that if the bike goes into complete loss, then what happens to it,
very few bikes go into such complete loss,
if it is a complete loss, then the company
sees that if the vehicle is 75% damaged,
like the ID of the vehicle is also damaged, then it is
₹30000 and suppose if it is less than ₹20000  If the
damage is more, then the company will say that they will
pay a total loss medium, up to
what amount? This is what has come, its price is approximately the
same, it is also made for 15000, so in this I
mean how much does the customer have to pay because the
insurance policy is available only for 5 years, if the
policy exceeds 5 years then it is a 50%
policy, so it will get 50% in fiber item
and approximately 70% in metal
because the vehicle has become old, so I
mean if the insurance is old then how much does one have to pay,
only this means you get
access to the policy and some depression is done,
approximately the same up to 5%, well I mean by paying only about 5%, it
means the entire part gets
changed, if there is relief on red then and
if there is no relief then 50% in fiber and
not approximately 70%, if the vehicle is new,
suppose if it is first year or old then you will get up
to 90% in metal, 90% in metal can be
taken only for 10 years, there is a 5 year
0% cover, that too of zero percent  Do you want to
say Adons, someone want to say NDA,
someone want to say Adorn, someone want to
say bumper to bumper, it means you will not get it after 5 years,
then you are going to get 50%, how much time does it take to complete this entire
process of
taking the claim,
if the part is available with me, I got it through repair order,
which is approximately Rs. 10000 relief, then I get it through
repair order, if I get it, if the
part is
available with me, then we would have delivered the car if it is second hand, it gets
delivered second hand
and if the part is not available, then it will take
15 to 20 days, it is
not available,
here the entire process of an insurance claim
and we would like to say special thanks to
those who have given a lot of their time here, they are
very busy the day before yesterday, so they do
not have that much time, but they took out time and
explained it well today, so
I hope all your doubts are cleared,
if you still have any questions, you
can ask us by commenting, we will meet
you in the next video till then